Name: Ajay Medury
Group: SPDX Dashboard


1) Explain how you were involved in the group.

For this part of the project, I rebuilt the DFD and reviewed the revisions to the document as suggested by the instructor.

2) What did you specifically contribute to the group? Not, how did you help someone else.

I specifically rebuilt the Data Flow Diagram to better define the flow of data within the dashboard. 
I also reviewed the reviews to System Charter and Description, System Service Request, Stakeholders, 
Communication Management Plan and license choice, and ensured they followed the changes suggested.
Lastly, I managed the change log and ensured that we mentioned every change.

3) What would you like me to specifically grade you on because you feel that it is most representative of your work?

I feel like the updated Data Flow Diagram are the most representative of my work.

4) How did you coordinate your group activities between the various components?

After splitting the work so that Seth would work on the use cases and other additional documentation, 
John on the mockups and the system charter and description, and I focused on building the DFD and reviewing the paper.
This was done mostly in person in class and additional meetings.

5) What were your experiences and difficulties with this assignment?

The DFD was rather challenging this time around as trying to understand how to deal with document signoff was more complex than expected. Once I figured that out, it was a little easier to build the DFD, though; there are still changes to be made to it as we figure out how to fix issues as we advance.
The rest of the DFD was not nearly as bad after some pointers from the instructor.

6) What are you going to do differently next assignment to overcome these difficulties?

Assignment 3 will certainly require much more coordination and planning on all our parts and that will be essential in building the application as we desire, and up to expectations.

Signed Off By: John Oerter, Seth Hanson
